if you are one of the millions of
Americans who still believes that
honesty integrity and fidelity are the
cornerstones of our democracy we suggest
you wait for another preview before
getting your popcorn in the nation's
capital a new leader has found a place
in the halls of power but her story
began in the halls of high school we'll
move on now to the presidential race
with three candidates running the first
is Tracy Flick one thing that's
important to know about me is that I'm
an only child my mom is really devoted
to me she likes to write letters to
successful women like Elizabeth Dole and
Connie Chung and ask them what advice do
they have for me Tracy
her daughter the next candidate for
student body president is Paul Metzler
I just don't think somebody would do
something like that on purpose I think
you did it if you want to question me
like this I won't continue without my
attorney present and do not often speak
with you and ask for things but now I
really must insist that you help me win
the election tomorrow because I deserve
it in Palma slow doesn't as you well
know final candidate sophomore Tammy
Metzler I'm attracted to the person it's
just that all the people I've ever been
attracted to happen to be girls you
should stop her she's not qualified we
can't both run Kenley I mean we're
brother and sister
can we Tracy and I are totally in love
it alone yeah this is a moral situation
or an ethical situation when I win the
presidency that means you and I are
gonna be spending a lot of time together
cast your vote for Tracy Flick next week
you won't just be voting for me you'll
be voting for yourself how high she
would climb in life I have to
will you please be quiet now Paramount
Pictures presents an MTV Films
production order starring Matthew
Broderick Reese Witherspoon hey we're
having your eyes what happened here are
are you okay miss McAllister I'm fine on
the road to greatness
never underestimate an overachiever
looks like you can use a cupcake
election cast your vote
you